doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/applications-deployment-lifecycle.md

```
clever open
clever console
```

## status

To get application state, options or running/scaling status, use:

```
clever status
```

## restart

Once deployed, an application can be restarted:

```
clever restart
```

By default, it will use its build cache when available but you can override it or use other available options:

```
[--commit] COMMIT ID       Restart the application with a specific commit id
[--without-cache]          Restart the application without using cache (default: false)
[--quiet, -q]              Don't show logs during deployment (default: false)
[--follow]                 Continue to follow logs after deployment has ended (default: false)
```

## ssh

A Clever Cloud application is a running virtual machine you can ssh to, as a user (`bas`). By default, it will use `OpenSSH` configuration, but you can target a specific identity file:

```
clever ssh [--identity-file, -i] IDENTITY-FILE
```

## logs

When you deploy an application on Clever Cloud, we collect its logs, hosted in our internal Pulsar stack, all included. To listen to the stream, use:

```
clever logs
```

> You can also get logs from a specific timeline, deployment or addon through

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get logs from a specific timeline, deployment or add-on through
```

options:

```
[--before, --until] BEFORE          Fetch logs before this date (ISO8601)
[--after, --since] AFTER            Fetch logs after this date (ISO8601)
[--search] SEARCH                   Fetch logs matching this pattern
[--deployment-id] DEPLOYMENT_ID     Fetch logs for a given deployment
[--addon] ADDON_ID                  Addon ID
```

## access logs

When you deploy an application on Clever Cloud, we collect its access logs, hosted in our internal Pulsar stack, all included. To listen to the stream, use:

```
clever accesslogs
```

> You can also get access logs from a specific timeline or addon through options, in multiple formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get access logs from a specific timeline or add-on through options, in multiple formats:
```
